point_data_6in_2019obs.csv

This file contains all dates for 2019. One grid of points spaced every 6" was created and used to extract
RGB and Z values from all dates. This gives a population of ~140 points per plot (but this may or may not
be exactly the same number per plot due to the geometries...I can explain this later with a visual). 
The point spacing is exactly equal, the plot areas are exactly equal to each other, and the point grid is the
exact same from date to date. This means that you can track a single point through all timepoints.

The Z values were extracted from a Digital Surface Model (DSM). You can imagine this as a blanket
draped over the whole field surface, values from which are then resampled at each of the points in the grid.
This is NOT filtered for greenness (plant vs ground), and it is NOT corrected for ground height (i.e., all 
values are in feet above sea level, not feet above the ground). This is significant because if you use the 
numbers as-is, there is about a 5-foot drop from the west to east end of the field (over about 100 feet of 
distance). A 5% slope is considered fairly negligible as farmland goes, but would completely swamp out 
differences in plant height. I attempted the effort of green-filtering and/or creating a Digital Terrain
Model (DTM, land only with no cover) in order to get you the Canopy Height Model (height of plants from the
ground), but could not get this far. You could take this approach, or it would be faster and potentially more
accurate to just take some measure of the minimum value(s) for each plot on the earliest date, then use that 
as "ground" for that plot. If you don't understand the differences between the DSM/DTM/Canopy, please see 
this picture:
https://i.stack.imgur.com/1l3EA.png

If you do not like the DSM approach, I also have the .las files that have raw xyz values for EVERY 
measured point in the original datasets that were used to generate the DSMs. I do not have much capability
to handle/process this quickly, but if you want to approach that you may ask for those (large) files. Similarly, 
I have the orthophotos (tif images with stitched RGB pixels). I would advise to use the DSM approach because 
you should find it to be less initial work to get to the modeling parts you actually want to do. If you are
concerned about the 6" sampling distance, this was done for feasibility of dataset size. If you have a compelling
reason, I can resample at a finer scale once you have a pipeline ready. Remember though that sampling at 6" from
a 2cm resolution image does not change your resolution to 6"...you still use/gain info from having a fine-scale
resolution from which to sample. So the question isn't whether 6" is a small enough number in itself, but in whether
you feel the 140 or so points you are using per plot adequately represent the population of heights for that plot.

For the x and y positions of the evenly distributed grid of points, the Coordinate Reference System used was:
NAD_1983_2011_StatePlane_Michigan_South_FIPS_2113_Ft_Intl
You may well not need this information for your work, but I wanted you to have it just in case. If you need it
converted to some other coordinate system for some reason I can help with this.